it is rare that a manufacturer will design
from a blank sheet
it's just not profitable to
do it but when they do it they have
the freedom to create everything they
want the cvr 650 f is one of those cases
rare although they were born from the line
legendary of this cbr cbr completely
nine tuner to the ats that first thing
that you noticed no the first thing
that you can not ignore and the
awesome style of the cbr 650 f
let's go back and forth shapes
angular and a floating fairing a
exhaust fights a mudguard
from our backs and a taillight and
the d sitting at the top of the huge tire
back of 180 mm you spoke they
We are listening to you
this is the kind of style that the
engines continued for years
and he stores the engine the new one in
line of honda 4 and it was created
specifically for the cvr 650 m the
people always want the best of
two worlds and the engines are not
different
we want a sporting performance
a power and horsepower superior
and we want the engine to be
usable and easy to mount in
all situations in the past you
had been forced to choose you have
chose your age is based on
which of those things you were
ready to sacrifice
remember what I said to
about the freedom to create what
you want well here's what the
engineers have made this engine gives you
both sports performances and
an amazing friendliness ok let's go
double camshaft that valves by
cylinder that employs actuation of
direct cam is needed to provide a
high torque below 4000 harper m
translation easy driving off
in departure or in traffic power
built all the way to 11000 rbm
11000 the sport part is not lost on
this bike
do not forget it's a hymn line for
this engine changes its four cylinders
tilted forward 30 degrees with
a low center of gravity allows a
easier handling
a single mono-shock tube offers a
preload adjustment of the spring of this
floor working directly on the
swingarm is actually the costs a
240 mm rear disc and two discs
320 mm in the front which by air are
bigger than the double r assistant and
standard abs which means a lot of
braking power
here for our look at the cbr 650 f
thank you for listening
to find out more visit extra
cia and do not forget to register
here for all honda updates
Canada